Installation notes for Slackware Linux 1.2.0.

A more detailed description of the installation process may be found in the
"Installation-HOWTO", by Matt Welsh. 

Note: If you are installing from a 5.25" boot drive, you might want to read the
file "README_5_25_Install" as well as this one.

INSTALLATION DISKS:

You will need installation disks: a "bootkernel" disk and a "root/install" disk.

To make your bootkernel/rootdisk combination, you'll have to get a boot kernel
and root disk from underneath ./install. Use 'dd' or RAWWRITE.EXE to write them
to floppies.

  NOTE: When using dd to create the boot kernel disk or root disk on Suns and 
  possibly some other Unix workstations you must provide an appropriate block
  size. This probably wouldn't hurt on other systems, either. Here's an 
  example: 

  dd if=scsinet of=/dev/(rdf0, rdf0c, fd0, or whatever) obs=18k

DISK SETS

Once you've made your boot and install disks, you'll need to make the disk sets
you wish to install on MS-DOS formatted floppies. The A disks will fit on 1.2 MB
or 1.44 MB disks, but all other disk sets require 1.44 MB disks (if you're
installing from floppy, of course).

These are the disk sets that are available to install:

      A   - Base Linux system
      AP  - Various applications that do not need X
      D   - Program Development (C, C++, Kernel source, Lisp, Perl, etc.)
      E   - GNU Emacs (19.22, with and without X11 support. Your choice.)
      F   - FAQ lists (last updated, March 18, 1994)
      I   - Info pages.
      IV  - Interviews: libraries, include files, Doc and Idraw apps for X
      N   - Networking (TCP/IP, UUCP, Mail)
      OI  - ObjectBuilder for X
      OOP - Object Oriented Programming (GNU Smalltalk 1.1.1)
            Also includes the Smalltalk Interface to X11.
      T   - TeX
      TCL - Tcl/Tk/TclX, Tcl language, and Tk toolkit for developing X apps
            More development packages to work with Tcl have also been added,
            as well as David Engel's Linux port with shared libraries.
      X   - XFree-86 2.1 Base X Window System
      XAP - Applications for X
      XD  - XFree-86 2.1 X server development system, PEX extensions, and man
	    pages for X programming.
      XV  - XView 3.2 release 5. (OpenLook [virtual] Window Manager, apps)
      Y   - Games (that do not require X)

For each disk, make an MS-DOS format disk and copy the proper files to it.
The "00index.txt" files are added by the FTP server. You don't need those.
If you're using NFS or hard drive installation, just set up a directory with
the disk subdirectories for the disk sets you want. You'll only have to make
the boot floppy, in that case.

Make sure you have a blank, formatted floppy ready to make your Linux boot 
disk at the end of the installation. 

[NOTE]: You may install most software packages by typing "setup" on a
running system. If you reinstall the A series, or the Q series (which
replaces your kernel), be sure to run LILO or make a new boot disk using the
rescue disk. Also, if you reinstall some of the base packages you might need 
to reconfigure files in /etc or other places.

Your packages are listed in /var/adm/packages. Any of these packages may be
removed or reinstalled using "pkgtool".

Enjoy!

Patrick Volkerding
volkerdi@ftp.cdrom.com
volkerdi@mhd1.moorhead.msus.edu
